Add March 8th 2018 SIP Committee Meeting minutes (#1618)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _sips/minutes/2018-03-08-sip-minutes.md

>level and there is some discussion.
>
>Overall, it is believed that defs can be at the top level, but vals are order
>dependent so might not be allowed.

**Jorge** notes that there is no longer enough time to discuss the other two ideas for 2.13.

**Adriaan** finishes by inviting participation in the discussion of the remaining issues in the
[Scala 2.14 milestone on GitHub](https://github.com/scala/scala-dev/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A2.14).

#### Conclusion
The committee members are overall in agreement that package objects are a pain point, and there are mixed opinions as to
whether they become further restricted for safety, or replaced with top level definitions which raised concerns for
migration.

### [SIP-35: Opaque types: updates on the proposal](http://docs.scala-lang.org/sips/opaque-types.html)
[YouTube time from 23'31'' -  43'02''](https://youtu.be/dFEkS71rbW8?t=1411)

**Jorge** introduces the proposal, noting that it had been updated in the morning before the meeting and directs
**Sébastien**, the reviewer, to begin the discussion on the high level parts of the proposal.

#### Concerns About The Motivation

> 1) **Sébastien** believes that the current wording of the proposal could mislead expections,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) **Sébastien** believes that the current wording of the proposal could lead to wrong expectations,
```
